1)
To,
The Dean of Student Welfare 
VSSUT, Burla

5th April,2023

Subject: Permission for conducting club orientation in E-LEARNING CENTER

Respected Sir,
I am Priyadarshini Muduli, the official member of the coding club 'ENIGMA' seeks your permission for conducting orientation programme for the freshers 2023-2027 at 
E LEARNING CENTRE on 13 April, 2023 at 5 pm.

ENIGMA, the official coding club of VSSUT,Burla is organising an orientation programme to brief the prime objective and working of the club to the freshers of the university. The club aims 
to teach and improve the skills of the students in various domains, which is the very essential criteria of all the multi-national companies. This club orientation programme mainly
aims to encourage all those software enthusiast and programmers to join the club and learn and master their skills. Our club host many competition and hackathon and also 
participated in many competitions and hackathons and represented our college and even won. And hence we believe in continuing this legacy by inducting new members and expanding
the club.

We would like to request your permission to use the E learning auditorium for our orientation programme. We assure you that we will take full responsibility and will also 
make sure that we comply with all the university rules and regulation.

We would be very grateful if you grant us permission for the event as early as possible so that we can start planning for the event. For further details,contact.
Priyadarshini Muduli- mudulipriyadarshini85@gmail.com
Yours sincerely,
Enigma club




2)
Date : 5th April,2023
Subject:- Invitaion for the celebration of farewell event
Respected Seniors,

Enigma Club is hosting the farewell event for our beloved final year seniors who have given their precious time for the improvement and well functioning of the club. Time
has come to bid them a very warm good bye and thank them for their immense hard work and immense support for the growth of the club. 
We will be very grateful for your presence and making the day more special, creating memories and enjoying each and every second. Lets remember all those lovely moments and
cherish them for the last time together as we always did.

Keenly waiting for your presence.
Thank You.
Yours sincerely,
Enigma club



3) RAJA
"Rajo is a four day celebration of motherhood and womanhood, the days of just appreciating the great personality in our life, the days of just valuing their importance,
the days of getting ready and wearing new clothes, the days of having delicious PODA PEETHA." 

The blue sky during Summers turns out to be dark and white with patches of rain-bearing cloud moving here and there. It is the occasion of soothing weather,
relief from the heat and the new hope for next agricultural season. 
The celebration of womanhood and togetherness. The word Raja itself in Odia means menstruation and it’s a conjecture that mother Earth goes for three days long menstrual
cycle during this period. This is the ritual to remove the taboo and myths about menstruation and acknowledge this beautiful process of nature. Speaking of which, this festival
acknowledges the women as a beautiful creation by nature and freeing them from the soiety burden. Its not only about the women but also about acknowledging and protecting the 
nature's health as the mother earth bleeds for three days. Odisha stands out to celebrate the menstrual cycle, standing out breaking all the tabbos and myths, sending a 
message that women are not impure during their periods.

The time has come to understand the culture and the history behind the festival and celebrate it together and keep its value. Tean Enigma wishes you a very happy and prosperous
Raja.
 
Team Enigma. 

  